Autoinstall ISO Implementation (#267)
aaron97neu/Discovery-World-Pong: setup/autoinstall-iso/docs/overview.md

Feel free to chose whichever one you need, but **only uncomment one at a time**.

For the post install commands to install the required packages for the depth sensor camera:

1. These are currently found in the `dev-post-install.sh` located at `/setup/autoinstall-iso/server` as they
haven't been approved into the main branch yet. When adding the Intel RealSense repository key the Jammy update
is the most recent update that is supported by Intel RealSense as of March 2025. The system by default runs off
of the Noble update which is one version above the Jammy update which is why Jammy must be hardcoded into the
repository link as Noble is not yet supported. Eventually, this should change to be a variable that grabs the
codename for the current version and downloads the correct repo. The depth sensor camera still runs fine on the
newer version even when using Jammy instead of Noble. The line I am referring to is:<br>
`sudo echo "deb [signed-by=/etc/apt/keyrings/librealsense.pgp] https://librealsense.intel.com/Debian/apt-repo jammy main" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/librealsense.list`

For the system as a whole:

> 1. The system by fault runs off of Ubuntu Server 24.04.2. The system itself has not been fully tested for backwards
> compatability which earlier versions of Ubuntu Server. This will have to be tested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The system by default runs off of Ubuntu Server 24.04.2. The system itself has not been fully tested for backwards
compatibility with earlier versions of Ubuntu Server. This will have to be tested.

```
